1. Rename the title of all the panels as the combination of panel names and their product name.
Validate if the user has an administrator privileges to install and display message. If not, proceed the installation only for admin users. Else, abort the installation.
2. Get the machine's 'SystemInfo' to identify the operating platform of the target computer, validate and proceed with the installation only if the operating platform of the machine is 64-bit. Else, abort the installation.
3. Welcome Panel - Create a welcome wizard and display some basic information about your product and the machine's 'SystemInfo'. Also, perform the below:
Disable back button in the Welcome panel.
Change bitmap image of the Welcome panel
4. Create a License wizard and load any sample license file.
5. Create a Destination wizard and validate the destination path.
Display message "Kindly provide a different location for installation" if the destination path already exists. Do not proceed further until valid destination directory is provided by the user.
6. Create an User Input Registration wizard with the below parameters as the input fields.
Name 
Phone Number
E-mail ID
Country
Company
Validate the following fields:
Add empty value check validation for all the input fields.
Validate 'E-mail ID' with regular expression.
Validate 'Phone Number' with regular expression to match the standard 10 digit phone number
7. Edition selection Panel - Create a wizard with below options as radio buttons. Based on the selection, invoke corresponding batch script and display the return exit value:
Community Edition
Enterprise Edition
Standard Edition
Professional Edition
 8. Summary Information
Display the user information and selected edition information which was retrieved from Registration & Edition Selection Panels 
Available disk space details
Installation Directory
9. Create the below new keys and set values in registry default root under product guid (Globally Unique Identifier) 
webserver_Port=<port>
product_version=v1
product_name=<productname>
10.
i)Create a file (<productname>_details.txt>) in installation directory and write the registration panel and edition.
ii) Finish Panel - Create a wizard with two checkboxes with the below options: 
View ReadMe File   - Launch the README.html file from installation directory ( target directory) which shows information about the product